[Music]
hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so razor
has some new flagship keywords the razor
Huntsman and the Huntsman elite and
these aren't designed to replace their
super popular black widow keyboard these
are kind of like a secondary flagship
device but I think these are going to be
the future of their keywords so what
makes these things special is they're
switch they're using these razor
optomechanical switches which are
optical switches so the traditional
mechanical switch uses metal contacts to
actuate the switch but these use an
infrared light beam that's detected when
you press the switch down so when the
switch is up that red beam gets blocked
press it down the red beam goes through
and the sensor picks it up and that's an
actuation so these guys aren't the first
people to come up with an optical light
switch it's been done before by other
companies but Razer is one of the first
big players in the gaming industry to do
it and I wouldn't be surprised of
Logitech and Corsair or any of the other
bigger companies if they do it
relatively soon as well so what makes an
optimal mechanical switch special for
one these switches have fewer moving
parts so if we just have a longer
lifespan these are actually rated for a
hundred million keystrokes your standard
mechanical switch like something from
Cherry is rated for like 20 to maybe 50
million keystrokes these are a hundred
million significant longer lasting
significantly more durable now whether
or not you're actually gonna break your
keyboard because you press it 100
million times is a different story but
just by the nature of how the switch
works these are more longer-lasting
secondly optomechanical switches don't
have something called events so on a
regular mechanical switch manufacturers
have to implement an input delay so this
is a purposeful delay around five
milliseconds and they do this to prevent
something called chatter up to
mechanical switches don't have chatter
so they don't have to implement this
delay so that input is just received by
the computer a little bit faster
I feel like Razer built this entire
keyboard around speed so in addition to
that optical sensor that's reading a
little bit faster they have a lower
actuation force and a shorter travel on
each keystroke and they've ended up with
this gaming keyboard that feels really
fast I'm not sure if it's the actuation
force or the shortened travel or if it's
the optical sensor it's I think all of
them are working together but it
actually feels significantly and
noticeably faster than a regular
mechanical switch it feels crisp and
sharp it's just a faster and snappier
experience if I'm being honest though I
noticed that most when I'm typing
when I'm gaming my inputs feel a little
bit cleaner but when I'm typing my
fingers feel like they're doing stuff
faster and with less effort than normal
all right in terms of how these feel
these are clicky switches so they have
that very distinct tactile bump as you
press it down it's not as pronounced as
like a cherry blue or the Razer greens
like it's not as sharp of a bump as
those but it is distinctly a tactile
bump as you press it down in terms of
how they sound it's a very audible click
but not as loud as a cherry blue or a
razor green the switches themselves have
purple stems and the shape looks a
little different from your standard
mechanical switch but it uses a regular
key cap and there's actually stabilizers
on each key so that metal clip that runs
around the edge normally you only see
that on bigger keys like the spacebar or
the shift key but these have stabilizers
on each key okay so other features that
you get on the regular huntsmen you have
onboard memory so you can actually
configure your device and store that
configuration on the device itself as
well as the cloud you get programmable
macro keys you get individual lighting
which you can customize pretty heavily
you get 10 key rollover and it's an
aluminum top panel it's pretty good but
on the premium version the huntsmen
elite you get all of that stuff but you
also get media keys up here as well as a
jogged out so the jog dial controls
volume by default but you can customize
it to scroll or zoom or switch apps like
it's got a lot of functionality there's
also a pogo pins up front on this device
and these allow you to connect the
magnetic wrist rest it's not a super
comfortable wrist rest to me but I'm not
a wrist rest user if you're into them
then you might like this but it also
gives you on the huntsmen elite under
glow lighting so the whole device lights
up underneath and on the sides and you
can control that as well quite
extensively through software and because
these are connected through pogo pins
Razer could develop other modules like I
don't like a trackpad or a wireless
charging thing for your phone whatever
they want they could develop different
modules in the future instead of this
wrist rest so I've been using this
keyboard for a little bit over a week
and I liked a lot about it it feels fast
and there is a noticeable difference in
speed compared to my regular mechanical
but there's a few things I don't like
about it number one I wish those used to
be passed through I also don't like that
it only comes in a full keyboard version
which there was a 10 keyless version
also
became a different color but my biggest
complaint is that if you're interested
in this keyboard if you're interested in
this optomechanical switch technology
you have to use this type of tactile
switch there isn't a linear version of
this there isn't a variant in terms of
the tactility it's this one and only
switch and if you don't like the way
that it feels then you won't be able to
adopt this whole optomechanical
technology for now but overall great
keyboard I think most people will like
now the million dollar question though
is whether or not this keyboard or
whether or not this technology is
they're actually gonna make you a better
gamer and my take on is this for 99.999%
of the time it won't I mean if you're a
good gamer you're a good gamer a
keyboard won't affect your gameplay but
there is that time like you you've
probably experienced this when you're in
a game and you want to use an ability or
an alter or whatever it is you press a
button it should have gone off and it
didn't
whether it's lag or whatever it is but
on a keyboard that's recording your
inputs a little bit faster there is the
chance that it goes off you don't die
you don't wipe you save your team you're
a hero and in that 0.001 chance that
that happens this would make you a
better gamer but I think for most people
it's just a really fast nice keyboard
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
now I just realized when I made this
video because of this product the Razer
product line is now an excellent
dodgeball team allow me the pleasure of
introducing you to
[Music]